SRM - FireHydrant change source (#2862)
harness/developer-hub: docs/service-reliability-management/monitored-service/change-source/firehydrant-change-source.md

---
title: FireHydrant
description: Configure FireHydrant change source to monitor incidents.
sidebar_position: 60
---

> # FyreHydrant change source

Author: ```suggestion
# FireHydrant change source
```

Sample message sent by SRM to the Slack channel

<docimage path={require('./static/firehydrant-slack-message.png')} />

Together with the FireHydrant's incident information and SRM's health report, the incident response team can quickly figure out how bad the incident is, see how the rest of the service is doing, and make quick decisions.

Configuring FireHydrant as a change source involves the following steps:

[Add FireHydrant as a custom change source in the Harness SRM monitored service and generate a webhook.](#add-firehydrant-as-a-change-source)

2. [Integrate your Slack workspace with FireHydrant.](#integrate-slack-workspace-with-firehydrant)
   
3. [Add Webhook Step to the FireHydrant runbook.](#add-webhook-step-to-the-firehydrant-runbook)
   
4. [Add Slack channels to the FireHydrant runbook.](#add-slack-channels-to-the-firehydrant-runbook)
   
5. [Declare an incident.](#declare-an-incident)

## Add FireHydrant as a change source

To add FireHydrant as a change source to a monitored service:

1. In your Harness project, go to **Service Reliability** > **Monitored Services**.  
   A list of monitored services is displayed.

> 2. Locate the monitored service for which you want to add a custom change source, select the three vertical dots next to it, and then select **Edit service**.  

Reviewer: I usually use More actions icon instead of three vertical dots (I used this earlier). Do we have guidance on how to present this consistently across our docs?

   The Configurations page appears.

3. On the **Configurations** page, go to the **Service** tab, and under **Define Your Sources**, select **+ Add New Change Source**.  

> 4. On the Edit Change Source page, under **Select Change Source**, choose **Incident** as **Provider Type**, and then select **Custom**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Edit Change Source** page, under **Select Change Source**, choose **Incident** as **Provider Type**, and then select **Custom**.
```

5. Enter a name for the change source. For example, FireHydrant.

6.  Select **Submit**.  
    The custom incident change source gets added to the monitored service. A webhook URL and cURL commands are generated.

    <docimage path={require('./static/add-firehydrant-change-source.png')} />

## Copy webhook URL

To configure your FireHydrant runbook for sending incident reports to a monitored service in SRM, you'll need to obtain a webhook from that specific SRM monitored service.

To copy the webhook URL from a monitored service:

1. From the list of monitored services, select the monitored service for which you have created the FireHydrant incident custom incident change source, and then go to the **Configuration** tab.  

> 2. On the **Configurations** page, go to the **Service** tab. In the **Define Your Sources** section, you will see a list of change sources that have been added to the monitored service. The list also displays webhook URLs and cURL commands next to each change source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Configurations** page, go to the **Service** tab. In the **Define Your Sources** section, a list of change sources that have been added to the monitored service is displayed. The list also displays webhook URLs and cURL commands next to each change source.
```

Reviewer: To avoid "will"
